Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to be able to navigate between screens.
Okay?
Not to do this over the screens directory.
We're going to create two screens.
Okay.
The first screen is going to be meeting.
On this car screen.
And then there's section, the darts.
Okay.
And now we can use this this widgets stiffness widget and as well.
We can call this meeting screen or you can just call your smart screen.
Okay.
That over a year we're going to need to alight and then use country and dot in order to impart the material
that that package.
Okay then it that to have access to loss of property we can just use the scaffold.
Right.
Forward.
And now we have access to property like Buddy.
And we can just use this entire widget to set out in this widgets of the ways in which is going to be
it test widgets.
Okay.
I think we knew this as well.
And.
Is just going to say.
This is just going to say meet.
And.
Okay, we can just sit with the screen for now.
Okay.
Now he's controlling this to say okay as well.
We're going to need to create another.
On the screen.
Can you fly?
And you're going to call this is story.
And the score screen.
Dot, dot.
Okay as well.
Using this widget and this story.
This story.
Or is stories.
Right.
Okay.
In a way, a light and is culture.
And that's.
Okay.
What's the matter around the death package?
And that's assets to loss of property.
We can then use the scaffold scaffold and now we have access to a property like body.
And you can just go ahead and say it says widgets.
And there's going to be a story screen, right, or whatever you want to call it.
Okay.
Now, what we can then do is alights and use concerned dots around.
Wrap this with the.
Okay, you can see this is the way to do this.
Okay.
And the view.
We can then hide it.
Okay.
They know that we're able to navigate with pages.
What we can do is over the homescreen of.
Screen.
We can create a variable to store those two screens we have so that we can see find a and we can call
this pages.
We can as well specify the type that is a list.
Then over here we can also say this is a widget, right?
But most of the time we don't even need to specify the time.
Right.
So orders are referred to as widgets.
Okay.
So most of the time we don't really need to specify the type, so we can just go ahead and say pages
is going to be equal to list.
Okay, we're going to have this and.
And over here we can then call the meeting.
Mittens.
Quinn This is the first item in at least, and the second we can then call the history.
Is to screen a case controller necessary and.
Over a year.
Or via the scaffold as a property as well.
Not as body.
Right.
So what we can do is add the chain of command in order to get a very good format.
You can see the bottom navigation bar and.
Yeah, right.
So within the scaffold, you can even do it.
Over year you can spread out the body so it can be at the top while can be at the bottom, but must
be within the scaffold.
So what we can just do is we can get rid of this and this.
The bottom.
So we tend to scaffold the kids in here.
So that's why it's good to have the trigger command.
And that's the way it ends, right?
Okay.
So that we can have the body and the body is going to be.
The page.
Intense.
Right.
Sorry.
We need to call the pages.
Pages.
I think we called it pages.
And now we can then pass in the page indents.
Page.
Page Indians.
Okay.
This.
Get rid of this.
And his country and SC became then.
How did you come out of that?
Okay.
Great.
Great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great.
Okay, now you can see for now it is at zero and it's going to be at the meeting screen.
You can see now click on this.
You can you can see.
Automatically is going out of date eats to something else.
Okay.
Zero.
If we should set it as zero.
But this is going to be where the.
I think it's going to work that way.
Okay so we're is gonna see page.
Intense.
Okay.
It's not working that way because over here we are saying the starting point is the speech.
And then so you're not to change that, you have to change it away.
Right.
That is the current indents.
Okay.
So this is basically.
It's guys.
Okay.
Now, if you don't steal this time, you can't.
Then let me know.
Okay.
I'm fully active to support you.
You can see now, you can hide for the rest.
If you click on this now, you're going to get to there you can see.
Okay.
I'm just going to stop here.
So all you can do is you can add more screens if you if you want.
Okay.
Now, that's why I avoid that.
Here, you can just create for the contacts, and that's all just settings.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See, in.
In this lecture.